These three websites were built for the
exact same purpose, to help a business
grow online. But one of them costs $500,
one cost $5,000, and the last one cost
$50,000.
Now, at first glance, you might think,
well, obviously 50,000 sites looks
better. But the truth is, it's not just
about how the site looks. It's about the
client, the goal, and the process, and
the value that the website delivers.
Now, in this video, I'll walk you
through real examples of websites at
each price point, and we'll break down
who is the client, who are the
designers, what tools do they use, and
most importantly, what problem the
website is actually solving. So, if
you've ever wondered why some websites
cost more than a car, and others barely
more than dinner, this video is for you.
Let's start at the beginning with a $500
website. So, what do you get for around
$500? So, here we've got profile on
Fiverr. He does Wix website design and
development. The basic plan starts for
$80, but you can go into premium for
300. And actually, if you scroll all the
way down into the portfolio and you
click it, you actually see that the
price range is between far 400 to 600,
which is actually how Fiverr work.
They're upselling you a bunch of stuff.
So, actually most people pay $500 for a
website. And let's check out some of
these websites. So the first one is Levy
Electric Scooter website and this is the
website. So let's scroll through it and
we can see the different sections. We
can see how it looks. There's not much
interactivity going on. Images is not
great. The typography is not great. It
looks a little bit templatey, which it
probably is. Let's see what other
websites we've got here. Let's move here
and see. We've got this autoglass
website. And we can see just from the
image. I couldn't find the published
link here. Uh but it looks kind of like
the same. The same sections. Uh imagery
is not amazing. The design also is not
amazing. It's okay, but you've got text
overlaying an image. It's you can see
it's quite amateur-ish, I would say. Um
that being said, you know, if we go here
at the top, he's got 589 almost all
fivestar reviews. So I guess Hib is
doing well. And by the way, the fact
that he is doing $500 website doesn't
necessarily mean that it's not
profitable for him. Um, it just means
that maybe he knows how to do it fast
enough for it to be profitable. And
under the premium, let's see what we're
getting. So, we're getting a functional
website. We're getting 10 pages,
responsive design, content upload,
plugins, e-commerce functionality, 15
project, payment integration. So,
actually there's quite a lot of things
here going on. So, to be fair, this is a
great offer for this price. You get
something that works. It's mobile
friendly and it looks okay. But here's
the reality behind these types of
projects. The client is probably a small
business or a friend of a friend or
somebody just launching their first side
hustle. They don't have a brand
strategy. They don't have great copy,
but most importantly, they don't have a
budget. And honestly, they just need
something online fast. So, what does the
designer do, right? They grab a
template, they swap the text, the
images, they add a few colors, and
that's it. It's done. So, it's less
about solving a business problem. It's
more about just checking the box. We
have a website. It's not bad. It's just
limited. There's no custom interaction,
no deep content strategy, no conversion
rate optimization thinking, and
definitely nobody's asking how do we
turn this into a sales machine. But
that's totally okay because at this
price, both the client and the designer
know the deal. They're not trying to
build the next apple.com. They're just
trying to get something online without
breaking the bank. Okay, let's see what
happens when the budget goes up to
$5,000. All right, so this is the
profile of Tokir, uh, which is a Web
Flow developer. He's also a Flux Academy
graduate. And you can see here from his
Web Flow experts profile that his
projects are starting at around $3,000,
but probably most of them are around
five or maybe even a little bit more.
And we can actually click here to see
some of his websites. And you can
definitely immediately see the
difference that we've got here. We've
got 3D animations. We've got custom
typography. We've got really nice
animation. You can definitely see the
design. Look at these nice custom
interactions that we've got here. So
immediately you see what a professional
website looks like. Look at these
interactions here. or the circle moving
with the different features going on. So
definitely you can see much more
professional. Look at the the nice font
and typography here. So this website
looks really really cool. And let's
check out some of the other websites
that we've got here. So this is um see
this is a portfolio for a brand and
website studio.
also very nice seamless interaction and
very nice typography, very nice image
work.
So, beautiful, beautiful work. You can
see that $3,000 buys you something
really, really nice here. So, who's the
typical client for this level? Well,
usually it's either a small business or
a startup, maybe like a creative
professional launching their personal
brand or growing a company, but they're
ready to invest in their online
presence. At $5,000, they're not just
paying for design. They're getting a
professional process, a brand story, of
course, a unique and highle design, but
also content strategy, and a site that's
really built to convert. Now, since
Takir is using Web Flow as his tool of
choice, they're also getting modern
functionality like animation, smooth
responsiveness, and a CMS that allows
the client to update their content
without calling a developer every other
week. This is a huge jump from 500, but
it's also where most freelancers want to
be because at $5,000, the project is big
enough to be meaningful and interesting,
but it's also small enough to manage
them solo. Now, actually, a solo
freelancer doesn't have to be stuck at
5,000. There's you can actually charge a
lot more. So, here is the profile of
Ethan. Now, Ethan is also a Web Flow
developer, also a Flux graduate. And you
can see that his projects are starting
at $10,000. And actually, Ethan charges
more than that. Last year, he charged uh
he earned over $500,000 per year. So,
you know, his projects are more than
$10,000. And when you look at the actual
projects, they're also amazing, just
like Tokier. Perhaps you might even
think, well, they they look at just the
same quality, so how come he is charging
double? And that's just because some
freelancers really know how to build a
brand and manage to charge more just
because you know it's worth working with
them or that's how they present
themselves and they have more leverage
and they create a great brand and
something that people want to pay to
work with. So even as a solo freelancer,
you can reach very very far. Now to move
from 500 to 5,000 or more, there's a few
thing a designer needs to do. Well,
obviously they need to be good designers
and master the tools that enable this
kind of high-end websites, but also they
need to learn how to communicate their
value and not just deliver pages. And
these kinds of website, you know, they
might help a business double their leads
or improve their credibility or grow
their revenue. And that's why five or 10
or 20,000 investment makes sense. But
what about a website that costs as much
as a new car? Let's take a look at
$50,000 project now at 50,000. Now we're
in the big league. Now this is Flow
Ninja. They are a web flow enterprise
partner studio that builds websites for
companies like Upwork, 21 Shares,
Checkout.com. Now note that these are
big companies with big budget. So at
this stage, they're not just hiring a
designer. You're hiring a team,
strategists, copywriters, UX
researchers, motion designers,
developers, project managers. They're
all working together for weeks,
sometimes months to get every pixel and
message aligned. And usually these
projects are very big with lots of
different pages. Um there's multiple
rounds of iteration, there's performance
optimizations, there's custom
interactions, accessibility audits,
integrations with tools like HubSpot or
segment or analytics dashboards. So at
this level, the website is part of a
larger system. It supports sales
funnels. It builds trust with enterprise
buyers. And sometimes it's even used to
raise millions in fundings. Now the
client here isn't asking, can you make
it look nice, right? They're asking,
"Can this website help us make or save
money?" And that's a completely
different conversation. One of the case
studies in their websites for a client
called 21 Shares explain how by
migrating to Web Flow, it helped the
company to actually use less developers
to maintain and update their website.
And that saved the companies hundreds of
thousands of dollars just in salaries
saved by doing this project. So this
makes $50,000 investment a no-brainer.
So $50,000 might seem crazy until you
realize that just one single enterprise
deal could pay for the whole thing
twice, right? So this isn't about the
budget, it's about the value. And when
the stakes are high, companies invest
accordingly. Now, the crazy thing about
um Flow Ninja is that it was started by
Uros, who is just 26 years old. So that
means that you don't have to take years
to get to this level of an amazing
agency doing $50,000. If you know what
you're doing, you can get there pretty
fast. So here's the truth. These aren't
just different websites. They're
different projects for different clients
with different goals. And it's not just
about how the website looks. It's about
the strategy, the team, and the goal
behind this and the stakes that are
involved. Right? If you're a designer
and you want to start charging more, in
Flux Academy, we teach you how to move
up the ladder with every project. So,
make sure to check the next video and
our full programs below and I'll see you
on the next one. Cheers.